really
Ubisoft really so we go back that's when
you announce this game and when we found
out about the delay
it was delayed you can add polish to the
game you know get it running wide you
know on a release an unfinished product
that doesn't work right somebody fast
forward to today and you've bought the
game with your hard-earned money and
first of all first thing how much use
you can't log into you play my trillion
that you doesn't work because you pay
stunning work fantastic love it
you know I doesn't feel like the game I
know but you know supposes you know
whatever that is what it is you can't
let them see you play so say you've
managed to log into that you play you
play the mainframe you know mash login
fantastic you can finally sit now play
again or watch those oh oh yeah of
course there's a fact that you pay
doesn't synchronize your crowd can't
saves you know without five different
attempts that's all so then then you
finally get all this work and then you
find out the game crashes so you fix all
the crashes diode X errors you damaging
your drivers game with finally a boots
up and then you find out that on like
you Ultra settings the game is
unplayable no matter what GPU CPU
configuration you have completely
unplayable you know a lie Assassin's
Creed 4 for example just doesn't
straight-up work there's nothing in
existence today they'll play the game at
1080p 60fps despite the game having a
maxim for visual downward since e3 2012
and despite all the time you had to
polish it whoever you ship out the PC
port to you it will be soft Kiev or
whatever it is I heard but that is just
a tragic tragic port and now seven hours
into the game that I'm paying here I
along with thousands of our people have
now this era if I get stuck on a loading
screen for absolutely no reason
fantastic now some people have had this
error since the
I haven't I was lucky I could breathing
every bit although you know lucky well
the game is not really I expected but
you know this is half decent and now I'm
stuck with this so now until will be
soft decide to patch the game the young
I paid for that doesn't work is a
non-functioning state I've wasted my
money I've completely where's my money
you can say well you shouldn't feel
really gave me you know what you're
right
and I recommend everyone from now on
whether it's an ubisoft height or
whatever develop you don't talk whatever
you do do not pre-order the game wait
until you know that it works because
right now for more money away i cannot
play the game right now not only is it
in a terrible state you appoint me an
absolute tragically bad it's now more
even playable so ladies and gentlemen in
this game and this happens of all
platforms you don't give any appreciable
ratio nice I was a ps4 just check the
support thread you know whatever
so did I buy until all you know this is
fixed and I recommend don't buy it until
it's actually got any kind of decently
and this is for updates that actually
make it run properly on PC as well I
don't recommend you buy it so there it
is ladies and gents thank you very much